Privacy Policy
Active Dynamic Wall app was built as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by all the contributors on GitHub at no cost and is intended for use as is. 
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. 
If you choose to use the App, then you need to be informed that the App does not collect any personal information. 
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Active Dynamic Wall unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. those third-party services provide information used to inhance the user experience.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
- Microsoft Store

Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. 
